Kaivos (#293)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/data/kaivos/kaivos.md

# Kaivos User Guide #

> Relational databeses provide efifcient tool to manage structured data that keeps changing and whch contains data that needs to be accecced with complex queries. Client-server based SQL databases (e.g. MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL) can not be effectively run in HPC computing enevioronments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relational databases provide efficient tool to manage structured data that keeps changing and which contains data that needs to be accessed with complex queries. Client-server based SQL databases (e.g. MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL) can not be effectively run in HPC computing environments
```

Author: OK
